Representative Two-Phase Search (RTP)
=======================================
Release note: [March, 2017]
-----------------

Project overview:
-----------------
A Representative guided Two-Phase Search as Described in [1]. The package takes an input in the XML format. The framework uses C++ and lucene to index and search the dataset.

Package overview:
-----------------

src/: source code files.

target/: compiled code, intermediate files and Final Search Result (generated by the code).

data/: contains a toy-dataset of Wikipedia in the XML format. 

Quick start:
------------

1) Clone the repository as: git clone https://github.com/mynameisverylong/RTP.git

2) Make sure GCC and G++(C++11) compilers are installed in the system.

3) Install libxml++ (a C++ API for the popular libxml XML parser)[http://libxmlplusplus.sourceforge.net/docs/manual/html/index.html#id2540799]. You can check the installation by running: `pkg-config libxml++-2.6 --cflags --libs` 

4) Make sure that the OpenSSL in installed on your machine.

5) Install Java (needed for the Lucene jars)

6) To compile:

`make`

7) To index the data:

`./index.sh <data_file_path> <choice_of_representative>`

Possible choices for &lt;choice_of_representative&gt; are:

	1: for longest representative

	2: for latest representative

8) To run batch queries: Enter all the queries (1 per line) in a .txt file and run the following command:

`./run_batch_query.sh <query_file>`

**Note:** The package can only currently support conjunctive queries. Thus, there needs to be atleast 2 words in each query.

9) To run single queries: Run the following command:

`./run_single_query.sh "<query>" <top_k> `

**Note:** The package can only currently support conjunctive queries. Thus, there needs to be atleast 2 words in the query.

Dataset Format:
------------
The dataset has to be in the following format:
<pre><code>&lt;data&gt;
   &lt;version&gt;
        &lt;page&gt;
             &lt;title&gt;...&lt;/title&gt;
             &lt;content&gt;...&lt;/content&gt;
        &lt;/page&gt;
        .
        .
        .
   &lt;/version&gt;
   .
   .
   .
&lt;/data&gt;</code></pre>

Explanation:

All the data needs to be wrapping within a &lt;data&gt; tag. The data is organized into versions and each version of the data is placed within a &lt;version&gt; tag. Each &lt;page&gt; contains a page (i.e., a document) that belongs to the current version. If the page (i.e., a document) does not contain the current version represented by the &lt;version&gt; tag, then it can be skipped.  Each page is represented with a title and content using the &lt;title&gt; and &lt;content&gt; tag respectively.

Batch Query File format:
------------

For using the run_batch_query.sh script to run batch queries, one needs to specify the all the queries in a text file. The file needs to contain one query per line. For example:
<pre><code>&lt;query1&gt;
&lt;query2&gt;
.
.
.
&lt;queryN&gt;
</code></pre>

Result Format:
------------
The final results generated for a batch query will be in target/final_results.txt file. The format of the results is:
<pre><code>Results for: &lt;query1&gt;
vid: &lt;vid1&gt; score: &lt;score1&gt;
.
.
.
vid: &lt;vidN&gt; score: &lt;scoreN&gt;
...
Results for: &lt;queryN&gt
vid: &lt;vid1&gt; score: &lt;score1&gt;
.
.
.
vid: &lt;vidN&gt; score: &lt;scoreN&gt;
</code></pre>


References:
-----------

[1]  "Hybrid Indexing for Versioned Document Search with Cluster-based Retrieval". Xin Jin, Daniel Agun, Tao Yang, Qinghao Wu, Yifan Shen, Susen Zhao. ACM CIKM, October 2016.
